add signals ordering notes based on user question (#744)
temporalio/documentation: docs/typescript/workflows.md

#### Notes on Signals

> - Signals are only guaranteed to arrive in order **per Signal**, not across Signals. If you need strict ordering across multiple Signals, combine them into one Signal and use a `switch` statement.

Reviewer: This should be more like "signal *handlers* are only guaranteed to be called in order..."

Otherwise what does arrival mean? At the server? At the client? At the workflow? We're actually talking about the last one here.

The advice to combine them into one signal is a bit confusing, because you can read that as "one call to the signal api" which might be impossible if the information comes from disparate processes. Simple fix is probably just "combine them into one signal type".

Author: ```suggestion
- Signal handlers are only guaranteed to be called in order **per Signal Type**, not across all of them.
   If you need strict ordering across multiple Signals, combine them into one Signal Type and use a `switch` statement.
```

Reviewer: :+1:
